Add margin to RM training (#719)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/reward_trainer.mdx

Therefore the final dataset object should contain two 4 entries at least if you use the default [`RewardDataCollatorWithPadding`] data collator. The entries should be named:

-   `input_ids_chosen`
-   `attention_mask_chosen`
-   `input_ids_rejected`
-   `attention_mask_rejected`

## Using the `RewardTrainer`

<<<<<<< HEAD
After standardizing your dataset, you can use the `RewardTrainer` as a classic Hugging Face Trainer.
You should pass an `AutoModelForSequenceClassification` model to the `RewardTrainer`.
=======
After preparing your dataset, you can use the [`RewardTrainer`] in the same way as the `Trainer` class from 🤗 Transformers.
You should pass an `AutoModelForSequenceClassification` model to the [`RewardTrainer`], along with a [`RewardConfig`] which configures the hyperparameters of the training.

> > > > > > > > origin/main

Reviewer: Hmm there is a merge conflict here that has not been properly dealt with, can you please have a look 🙏

Author: Should be ready

```

### Adding a margin to the loss

> As in the LLAMA-2 paper, you can add a margin to the loss by adding a `margin` entry to the dataset. The reward collator will automatically pass it through and the loss will be computed accordingly.

Reviewer 2: Small suggestion: 

```suggestion
As in the [Llama 2 paper](https://huggingface.co/papers/2307.09288), you can add a margin to the loss by adding a `margin` column to the dataset. The reward collator will automatically pass it through and the loss will be computed accordingly.
```

Author: Good points. Thanks!
